feature/postgres compatibility, update readme, add source identifiers (#24)
fivetran/dbt_asana_source: README.md

    <a alt="dbt-core">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/dbt_Core™_version->=1.0.0_<2.0.0-orange.svg" /></a>
    <a alt="Maintained?">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg" /></a>
    <a alt="PRs">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Contributions-welcome-blueviolet" /></a>
</p>

# Asana Source dbt Package ([Docs](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_asana_source/))
# 📣 What does this dbt package do?
- Materializes [Asana staging tables](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_asana_source/#!/overview/asana_source/models/?g_v=1&g_e=seeds), which leverage data in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/asana#schemainformation). These staging tables clean, test, and prepare your Asana data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/asana) for analysis by doing the following:
  - Names columns for consistency across all packages and for easier analysis
    * Boolean fields are prefixed with `is_` or `has_`
    * Timestamps are appended with `_at`
    * ID primary keys are prefixed with the name of the table.  For example, the user table's ID column is renamed user_id.

>     * Foreign keys include the table that they refer to. For example, the project table's owner ID column is renamed owner_user_id.

Reviewer: We started to remove these bullets since they added more details than we really need to include. We can remove them from the README.

Author: removed!

## Step 1: Prerequisites
To use this dbt package, you must have the following:

- At least one Fivetran Asana connector syncing data into your destination.
- A **BigQuery**, **Snowflake**, **Redshift**, or **PostgreSQL** destination.

## Step 2: Install the package
Include the following asana_source package version in your `packages.yml` file.
> TIP: Check [dbt Hub](https://hub.getdbt.com/) for the latest installation instructions, or [read the dbt docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/docs/package-management) for more information on installing packages.
```yaml
packages:
  - package: fivetran/asana_source
    version: [">=0.5.0", "<0.6.0"]
```

## Step 3: Define database and schema variables
By default, this package runs using your destination and the `asana` schema. If this is not where your Asana data is (for example, if your Asana schema is named `asana_fivetran`), add the following configuration to your root `dbt_project.yml` file:

```yml
config-version: 2

vars:
  asana_source:
    asana_database: your_database_name
    asana_schema: your_schema_name 
```
## (Optional) Step 4: Additional configurations
<details><summary>Expand for configurations</summary>

> ### Passing Through Additional Metrics 

Reviewer: Same as the other comments on passthrough metrics. These fields are not metrics that customers are passing through, but rather normal fields. Can we update this to be `Columns` instead of `Metrics`.

Author: updated

> If you would like to pass through additional metrics to the staging models, add the below configurations to your `dbt_project.yml` file. This is useful for adding custom fields not already included in this package.

Reviewer: The Asana package doesn't pass through metrics, but rather individual columns from the source. Metrics and columns have different connotations in our packages. We should keep this verbiage the same as the original README.
```suggestion
To add additional columns to tasks use the pass-through column variable. This is useful for adding custom fields not already included in this package.
```

Author: committed

> >**Note** Please exercise due diligence when adding metrics to these models. The metrics added by default have been vetted by the Fivetran team maintaining this package for accuracy. There are metrics included within the source reports, for example metric averages, which may be inaccurately represented at the grain for reports created in this package. You will want to ensure whichever metrics you pass through are indeed appropriate to aggregate at the respective reporting levels provided in this package.

Reviewer: I don't feel like this section is need as the passthrough columns in Asana are just fields and not metrics. Is there another reason we should include this disclaimer?

Author: removed!
